eBPF extension readme (#430)
microsoft/ebpf-for-windows: docs/eBpfExtensions.md

# eBPF extensions

## 1 Overview
An "eBPF extension" is a Windows kernel driver or component that implements eBPF hooks or helper functions. The design of eBPF for Windows is

> such that an extension providing implementation for hooks and helper functions can be developed and deployed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
such that an extension providing an implementation for hooks and helper functions can be developed and deployed
```

without the need to modify either the eBPF execution context or the eBPF verifier.

## 1.1 Windows Network Module Registrar
The eBPF for Windows project uses the
[Network Module Registrar (NMR)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/network/introduction-to-the-network-module-registrar)

> feature in Windows to develop eBPF extensions that are decoupled from the core eBPF for Windows framework.  NMR facilitates software
> modules to be attached to each other. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature in Windows to develop eBPF extensions that are decoupled from the core eBPF for Windows framework.  NMR facilitates attaching software
modules to each other. The
```
grammar nit

[Network Programming Interface (NPI)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/network/network-programming-interface)
defines the contract between the modules.  The eBPF extensions would implement the
[Provider Modules](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/network/provider-module) for two types of NPIs as discussed in detail below.
Even though the NMR component and the relevant APIs have the word "Network" in them, these software modules
are completely agnostic of Windows Networking stack and non-networking eBPF extensions can be developed using these.

## 1.2 Prerequisites
The audience is assumed to be familiar with [NMR Architecture](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/network/architecture-overview) and

> the various aspects of developing NMR modules as documented [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/network/network-module-registrar2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the various aspects of developing NMR modules as described in [NMR documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/network/network-module-registrar2).
```
Avoid "here" for accessibility reasons, as explained at https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG10-HTML-TECHS/#link-text

## 1.3 NPI Contracts for eBPF Extensions

> eBPF Extensions need to implement *provider modules* for two types of NPIs. They are the **Program Information NPI** provider and the **Hook NPI** provider.

Reviewer: Clarify.  If you just want to add a new attach type (hook) for an existing program type, you don't need to implement two types, just the Hook NPI provider, right?

Author: Added a line in the following section to clarify this.

### 1.3.1 eBPF Program Information NPI Provider
The eBPF program information NPI contract is used to provide information about an eBPF program type. Program types
are defined as the ABI contracts that eBPF programs are written to conform to.
This information is consumed by the eBPF verifier to ensure that any eBPF programs of a given type are safe to load
and execute. The ABI contract includes both a description of the &quot;context&quot; parameter passed to the eBPF

> program as well as the list of specific helper functions that are available to such eBPF programs.

Reviewer: So this means that an extension cannot add a new program type specific helper function and make it accessible to another extension that implements the program information NPI Provider, right?  All program type specific helper functions have to be implemented in the same provider, even if there are multiple hook NPI Provider implementations?

Author: This is technically possible. Since the program info NPI provider for both the extensions will use the same NPI ID == Program Type. When EC registers a NPI client with the same NPI ID, NMR will attach both the providers to it. So the EC can aggregate helper functions from both the providers and pass them to verifier/JIT. But that is not implemented today. And I think that will be over-engineering as well. I think we should mandate, there be a single NPI provider for a given program type. Note that it may refer to helper functions that are present on another driver - this is discussed as part of another comment below.

Author: I will start a discussion on this. And later convert to issue as needed.

> eBPF extensions must implement a different Program Information provider module for each program type for which it provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eBPF extensions must implement a different Program Information NPI provider module for each program type for which it provides
```

implementation of hooks or helper functions specific to that program type.

### 1.3.2 eBPF Hook NPI Provider

> The Hook NPI contracts are used by extension to invoke eBPF programs when OS events occur. These are also known as *Attach NPI* and is used

Reviewer: why do we need two terms?  Can we just use one throughout given the NPI terminology is unique to Windows?

Author: Sticking to "Hook NPI provider" and "attach types".

interchangeably along with *Hook NPI* in the code and documentations in this project. A given eBPF hook may have several attach types. The eBPF extension must register a separate Hook or Attach NPI provider module for each attach type it supports for an eBPF hook.

## 2 Authoring an eBPF Extension
The steps for authoring an eBPF extension are:

> 1. Registering the NPI providers.
> 2. Authoring Helper Functions.
> 3. Invoking eBPF programs from hook(s).
> 4. Registering program and attach types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Register the NPI provider.
2. Author any program type specific Helper Functions.
3. Invoke eBPF programs from hook(s).
4. Register program and attach types.
```
(Make grammar match line 41)

The following sections describe these steps in detail.

### 2.1 Program Information NPI Provider Registration

> When registering itself to the NMR, the Program Information NPI Provider should have the [`NPI_REGISTRATION_INSTANCE`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/ddi/netioddk/ns-netioddk-_npi_registration_instance) initialized as follows:

Reviewer: nit: This line has "Program Information NPI", but line 27 has "program information NPI".  Pick one and be consistent throughout the doc.

Author: Fixed. Changed to "Program Information NPI" and "Hook NPI" all over.

> * `NpiId`: This should be set the GUID corresponding to the eBPF program type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `NpiId`: This should be set to a GUID that uniquely identifies the eBPF program type.
```

* `ModuleId`: This should be a unique GUID identifying the provider module.
* `NpiSpecificCharacteristics`: Pointer to structure of type `ebpf_extension_data_t`.
  * The `data` field of this structure should point to a structure of type `ebpf_program_data_t`.

#### `ebpf_program_data_t` Struct
The various fields of this structure should be set as follows:
* `program_info`: Pointer to `ebpf_program_info_t`.
* `helper_function_addresses`: Pointer to `ebpf_helper_function_addresses_t`.

#### `ebpf_program_info_t` Struct
The various fields of this structure should be set as follows:
* `program_type_descriptor`: Field of type `ebpf_program_type_descriptor_t`.

> * `count_of_helpers`: The number of helper function that are implemented by this extension for the given program type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `count_of_helpers`: The number of helper functions that are implemented by this extension for the given program type.
```
typo

* `helper_prototype`: Pointer to array of `ebpf_helper_function_prototype_t`.

#### `ebpf_program_type_descriptor_t` Struct
The various fields of this structure should be set as follows:
* `name`: Friendly name of the program type.
* `context_descriptor`: Pointer of type `ebpf_context_descriptor_t`.

> * `program_type`: GUID for the program type. This should also be the NPI ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `program_type`: GUID for the program type. This should be the same as the `NpiId` in `NPI_REGISTRATION_INSTANCE` as noted above.
```

> * `is_privileged`: This Boolean field should be set to `TRUE` if this is a privileged program type, `FALSE` otherwise.

Reviewer: Can you define what "privileged program type" means here?

Reviewer: In PREVAIL, the only privileged program type is BPF_PROG_TYPE_KPROBE.
I also pinged Elazar to try to get a description.

Author: Changed to set to FALSE for now. Will revisit later.

#### `ebpf_context_descriptor_t` Struct
This structure (as the name signifies) provides a description of the context parameter that a hook passes when
invoking an eBPF program. The various fields of this struct are as follows.
* `size`: Size of the context structure.

> * `data`: Offset to the field in context structure that is pointing to the beginning of context data.
> * `end`: Offset to the field in context structure that is pointing to the end of context data.
> * `meta`: Offset to the field in context structure that is pointing to the beginning of context metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `data`: Offset (in bytes) to the field in the context structure that is pointing to the beginning of context data.
* `end`: Offset (in bytes) to the field in the context structure that is pointing to the end of context data.
* `meta`: Offset (in bytes) to the field in the context structure that is pointing to the beginning of context metadata.
```

For example, for the XDP program types, the context data structure is as follows:
```
// XDP hook.  We use "struct xdp_md" for cross-platform compatibility.
typedef struct xdp_md
{
    void* data;         ///< Pointer to start of packet data.
    void* data_end;     ///< Pointer to end of packet data.
    uint64_t data_meta; ///< Packet metadata.

    /* size: 12, cachelines: 1, members: 3 */
    /* last cacheline: 12 bytes */
} xdp_md_t;
```
The corresponding context descriptor looks like:
```
const ebpf_context_descriptor_t g_xdp_context_descriptor = {sizeof(xdp_md_t),
                                                            EBPF_OFFSET_OF(xdp_md_t, data),
                                                            EBPF_OFFSET_OF(xdp_md_t, data_end),
                                                            EBPF_OFFSET_OF(xdp_md_t, data_meta)};
```
If any of the data or metadata pointer fields are not present on the context structure, the offset value is set to -1 in the context descriptor.

#### `ebpf_helper_function_prototype_t` Struct
This structure is used to describe the prototypes of the various helper functions implemented by the extension.

> * `helper_id`: Integer signifying the helper function Id. (See section 3.3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `helper_id`: Integer signifying the helper function ID. (See section 3.3).
```

> Helper function IDs for different program types may not be unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helper function IDs for different program types need not be unique.
```

* `name`: Helper function name.

> * `return_type`: Set the appropriate value for `ebpf_return_type_t` enum that represents the return type of the helper function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `return_type`: Set the appropriate value for the `ebpf_return_type_t` enum that represents the return type of the helper function.
```

* `arguments`: Array of (at most) five helper function arguments of type `ebpf_argument_type_t`.

#### `ebpf_argument_type_t` Enum

> This enum describes the various argument types that can be passed to an eBPF helper function. This is defined in [Prevail Verifier](https://github.com/vbpf/ebpf-verifier) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enum describes the various argument types that can be passed to an eBPF helper function. This is defined in the [PREVAIL Verifier](https://github.com/vbpf/ebpf-verifier) project.
```

```
typedef enum _ebpf_argument_type {
    EBPF_ARGUMENT_TYPE_DONTCARE = 0,
    EBPF_ARGUMENT_TYPE_ANYTHING,
    EBPF_ARGUMENT_TYPE_CONST_SIZE,
    EBPF_ARGUMENT_TYPE_CONST_SIZE_OR_ZERO,
    EBPF_ARGUMENT_TYPE_PTR_TO_CTX,
    EBPF_ARGUMENT_TYPE_PTR_TO_MAP,
    EBPF_ARGUMENT_TYPE_PTR_TO_MAP_OF_PROGRAMS,
    EBPF_ARGUMENT_TYPE_PTR_TO_MAP_KEY,
    EBPF_ARGUMENT_TYPE_PTR_TO_MAP_VALUE,
    EBPF_ARGUMENT_TYPE_PTR_TO_MEM,
    EBPF_ARGUMENT_TYPE_PTR_TO_MEM_OR_NULL,
    EBPF_ARGUMENT_TYPE_PTR_TO_UNINIT_MEM,
} ebpf_argument_type_t;
```

#### `ebpf_return_type` Enum

> This enum describes the various return types from an eBPF helper function. This is defined in [Prevail Verifier](https://github.com/vbpf/ebpf-verifier) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enum describes the various return types from an eBPF helper function. This is defined in the [PREVAIL Verifier](https://github.com/vbpf/ebpf-verifier) project.
```

```
typedef enum _ebpf_return_type {
    EBPF_RETURN_TYPE_INTEGER = 0,
    EBPF_RETURN_TYPE_PTR_TO_MAP_VALUE_OR_NULL,
    EBPF_RETURN_TYPE_INTEGER_OR_NO_RETURN_IF_SUCCEED,
} ebpf_return_type_t;
```

#### `ebpf_helper_function_addresses_t` Struct

> This structure is used to specify the address at which the various helper function implemented by the extension resides. If an eBPF program is JIT compiled, then the generated machine code will have `call` instructions to these addresses. For interpreted mode, the eBPF Execution Engine will invoke the functions at these addresses. The fields of this struct should be set as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This structure is used to specify the address at which the various helper functions implemented by the extension reside. If an eBPF program is JIT compiled, then the generated machine code will have `call` instructions to these addresses. For interpreted mode, the eBPF Execution Engine will invoke the functions at these addresses. The fields of this struct should be set as follows:
```
Please also split long lines into shorter lines to make github diffs easier.  Same applies to a number of lines below.

Also, what's the difference between the "Execution Engine" mentioned here, and the "Execution Context" in line 147?

* `helper_function_count`: Number of helper functions implemented by the extension for the given program type.

> * `helper_function_address`: Array of addresses (64-bit unsigned integer) for the helper functions. The addresses must be arranged in the array in the *same order* as the array of helper function prototypes denoted by the `helper_prototype` field in `ebpf_program_info_t` struct.  For the correct execution of eBPF program, the helper function addresses cannot change while a loaded eBPF program is executing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `helper_function_address`: Array of addresses (64-bit unsigned integer) for the helper functions. The addresses must be arranged in the array in the *same order* as the array of helper function prototypes denoted by the `helper_prototype` field in `ebpf_program_info_t` struct.  For the correct execution of eBPF programs, the helper function addresses cannot change while a loaded eBPF program is executing.
```
grammar

### 2.2 Program Information NPI Client Attach and Detach Callbacks

> The eBPF Execution Context registers a program information NPI client module with the NMR for every eBPF program that gets loaded. The Execution Context will use the program type GUID of the program as the NPI ID of the client module. And as a result, upon eBPF program load, the associated program information NPI client module will attach with the corresponding program information NPI provider module in the extension. The program information NPI does not have any client or provider dispatch tables. Neither does the `NpiSpecificCharacteristics` from client has any data. So, no special processing is required in the client attach and detach callback handler on the provider module. may decrement the client count. An extension must not unload until there are attached program information NPI clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The eBPF Execution Context registers a program information NPI client module with the NMR for every eBPF program that gets loaded. The Execution Context will use the program type GUID of the program as the NPI ID of the client module. And as a result, upon eBPF program load, the associated program information NPI client module will attach with the corresponding program information NPI provider module in the extension. The program information NPI does not have any client or provider dispatch tables. Neither does the client's `NpiSpecificCharacteristics` have any data. So, no special processing is required in the client attach and detach callback handler on the provider module. WHAT GOES HERE? may decrement the client count. An extension must not unload until there are attached program information NPI clients.
```

grammar.  Also please fill in missing words

Author: Fixed.

### 2.3 Hook NPI Provider Registration

> When registering itself to the NMR, the Program Information NPI Provider should have the [`NPI_REGISTRATION_INSTANCE`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/ddi/netioddk/ns-netioddk-_npi_registration_instance) initialized as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When registering itself to the NMR, the hook NPI Provider should have the [`NPI_REGISTRATION_INSTANCE`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/ddi/netioddk/ns-netioddk-_npi_registration_instance) initialized as follows:
```
cut and paste error?

> * `NpiId`: This should be set the GUID corresponding to the eBPF attach type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `NpiId`: This should be set to a unique GUID identifying the eBPF attach type.
```

* `ModuleId`: This should be a unique GUID identifying the provider module.
* `NpiSpecificCharacteristics`: Pointer to structure of type `ebpf_extension_data_t`.
  * The `data` field of this structure should point to a structure of type `ebpf_attach_provider_data_t`.

#### `ebpf_attach_provider_data_t` Struct
This structure is used to specify the attach type supported by the extension for the given hook NPI provider. The `supported_program_type` field of the struct should be filled with the `ebpf_program_type_t` (GUID) of the supported program type. While attaching an eBPF program to a hook instance, the Execution Context enforces that the requested attach type is supported by the hook NPI provider. If not, the eBPF program fails to attach to the hook.

### 2.4 Hook NPI Client Attach and Detach Callbacks

> The eBPF Execution Context registers a hook NPI client module with the NMR for each program that is attached to a hook. The attach type GUID is used as the NPI of the client module. And as a result, when an eBPF program gets attached to a hook, the associated hook NPI client module will attach with the corresponding hook NPI provider module in the extension. The [client attach callback](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/ddi/netioddk/nc-netioddk-npi_provider_attach_client_fn) function is invoked when the NPI client is being attached. The provider must store the following in a per-client data structure from the passed in parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The eBPF Execution Context registers a hook NPI client module with the NMR for each program that is attached to a hook. The attach type GUID is used as the NPI of the client module. And as a result, when an eBPF program gets attached to a hook, the associated hook NPI client module will attach to the corresponding hook NPI provider module in the extension. The [client attach callback](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/ddi/netioddk/nc-netioddk-npi_provider_attach_client_fn) function is invoked when the NPI client is being attached. The provider must store the following in a per-client data structure from the passed in parameters:
```

* `ClientBindingContext`: Client binding context.
* `ClientDispatch`: Client dispatch table (see section 2.5 below).

> * `NpiSpecificCharacteristics`: Obtained from `ClientRegistrationInstance` parameter. This contains attach-type specific data that may be used by an extension for attaching an eBPF program. For example, when an eBPF program is being attached to an XDP hook, the network interface Id can be passed as attach parameter via this parameter. This tells the extension to invoke the eBPF program whenever there are any inbound packets on that network interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `NpiSpecificCharacteristics`: Obtained from `ClientRegistrationInstance` parameter. This contains attach-type specific data that may be used by an extension for attaching an eBPF program. For example, when an eBPF program is being attached to an XDP hook, the network interface index can be passed via this parameter. This tells the extension to invoke the eBPF program whenever there are any inbound packets on that network interface.
```

The per-client data structure should be returned as the `ProviderBindingContext` output parameter.

Upon [client detach callback](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/ddi/netioddk/nc-netioddk-npi_provider_detach_client_fn) the provider must free the per-client context passed in via `ProviderBindingContext` parameter.

### 2.5 Invoking an eBPF program from Hook NPI Provider

> To invoke an eBPF program, the extension uses the dispatch table supplied by the hook NPI client during attaching. There is only one function in the client dispatch table, that is of the following type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To invoke an eBPF program, the extension uses the dispatch table supplied by the hook NPI client during attaching. There is only one function in the client dispatch table, which is of the following type:
```

```
/**
 *  @brief This is the only function in the eBPF hook NPI client dispatch table.
 */
typedef ebpf_result_t (*ebpf_invoke_program_function_t)(
    _In_ const void* client_binding_context, _In_ const void* context, _Out_ uint32_t* result);

```
The function pointer can be obtained from the client dispatch table as follows:
```
invoke_program = (ebpf_invoke_program_function_t)client_dispatch_table->function[0];
```
When an extension invokes this function pointer, then the call flows through the eBPF Execution Context and eventually invokes the eBPF program.

> When invoking an eBPF program, the extension must supply the client binding context it obtained from the hook NPI client as the `client_binding_context` parameter. For the second parameter `context`, it must pass the program type specific context data structure. Note that the program information NPI provider supplies information the context descriptor using `ebpf_context_descriptor_t` type to the eBPF verifier and JIT-compiler via the NPI client hosted by Execution Context. The `result` output parameter holds the return value from the eBPF program post execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When invoking an eBPF program, the extension must supply the client binding context it obtained from the hook NPI client as the `client_binding_context` parameter. For the second parameter `context`, it must pass the program type specific context data structure. Note that the program information NPI provider supplies the context descriptor (using the `ebpf_context_descriptor_t` type) to the eBPF verifier and JIT-compiler via the NPI client hosted by the Execution Context. The `result` output parameter holds the return value from the eBPF program post execution.
```
grammar

### 3.3 Authoring Helper Functions

> An extension can provide implementation of helper functions that can be invoked by the eBPF programs. The helper functions can be of two types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An extension can provide an implementation of helper functions that can be invoked by the eBPF programs. The helper functions can be of two types:
```

> 1. Program-Type specific: These helper functions can only be invoked by eBPF programs of a given program type. Usually, an extension may provide implementations for hooks of certain program types and provide helper functions that are associated with those helper functions. The program information NPI provider must then provide the prototypes and addresses for those functions. For these type of helpers, the helper function Id must be greater that 65535 (0xFFFF) for program type specific helper functions.

Reviewer: https://github.com/iovisor/bcc/blob/master/docs/kernel-versions.md#program-types shows helpers that are supported by multiple (but not all) program types.  E.g., `BPF_FUNC_skb_load_bytes()` is supported for `BPF_PROG_TYPE_SOCKET_FILTER`, `BPF_PROG_TYPE_SCHED_CLS`, `BPF_PROG_TYPE_SCHED_ACT`, `BPF_PROG_TYPE_CGROUP_SKB`, `BPF_PROG_TYPE_SK_SKB`, `BPF_PROG_TYPE_SK_REUSEPORT`, and `BPF_PROG_TYPE_FLOW_DISSECTOR`.  How would we do that on Windows?

Author: This is simple if all the program types are in the same extension. The extension defines all the helpers. And then add the prototypes and addresses of the common helper functions to the program information data of each of these program times via the Program Info NPI provider.
If the program and helper function are in different drivers, then I suppose the driver implementing the helper functions also have to export them, such that the program info NPI provider on the other driver can refer to those functions.

Reviewer: That doesn't allow someone to add helper functions to one of our program types via their own extension, which I think we will likely need in the future.  Ok to punt and leave it as an open issue, but maybe call it out as an open issue.

Author: Yes, I will start a GitHub discussion on this topic.

2. General: The general helper functions can be invoked by eBPF programs of all types. Examples of this type of helper functions are the eBPF Map helper functions. These helper functions are implemented by the eBPF Execution Context itself. However, if a program type so chooses, it may provide implementations for general helper functions. For that the extension would have to provide another program information NPI provider, which *does not* provide any program context descriptor. Instead, it only supplies the prototypes and addresses of the general helper functions. The NPI ID of this module defined as:
```
GUID ebpf_general_helper_function_interface_id = {/* 8d2a1d3f-9ce6-473d-b48e-17aa5c5581fe */
                                                  0x8d2a1d3f,
                                                  0x9ce6,
                                                  0x473d,
                                                  {0xb4, 0x8e, 0x17, 0xaa, 0x5c, 0x55, 0x81, 0xfe}};
```

> The helper function Id for a general helper function must be in the range 0 - 65535 and must be globally unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The helper function ID for a general helper function must be in the range 0 - 65535 and must be globally unique.
```
What process should an extension developer use to get a unique number that won't be used by any other such extension?

The parameter and return types for these helper functions must adhere to the `ebpf_argument_type_t` and `ebpf_return_type_t` enums.

### 3.4 Registering Program Types and Attach Types

> The eBPF Execution Context loads an eBPF program from an ELF file that has program section(s) with section names. The prefix to these names determines the program type. For example, section name `"xdp"` implies that the corresponding program type is `EBPF_PROGRAM_TYPE_XDP`. The Execution Context discovers the program type associated with a section prefix by reading the data from Windows registry. When an eBPF extension is installed, it must update the registry with the program types it implements along with the associated section prefixes.

Reviewer: The first sentence is not correct, the EC doesn't load ELF files.  UM loads the ELF file and supplies byte code or JIT-ed native code to the EC.  And the program need not come from an ELF file, supplying raw bytecode is also supported.

Also:
```suggestion
The eBPF Execution Context loads an eBPF program from an ELF file that has program section(s) with section names. The prefix to these names determines the program type. For example, the section name `"xdp"` implies that the corresponding program type is `EBPF_PROGRAM_TYPE_XDP`. The Execution Context discovers the program type associated with a section prefix by reading the data from Windows registry. When an eBPF extension is installed, it must update the registry with the program types it implements along with the associated section prefixes.
```

> Note: The registry location and data format are TBD. This is currently tracked by this GitHub [issue](https://github.com/microsoft/ebpf-for-windows/issues/223).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The registry location and data format are TBD. This is currently tracked by issue #223.
```
github will automatically display a link when using this syntax.

### 3.5 eBPF Sample Driver

> The eBPF project provides a [sample extension driver](https://github.com/microsoft/ebpf-for-windows/tree/8f46b4020f79c32f994d3a59671ce8782e4b4cf0/tests/sample/ext) as an example for how to implement an extension. This simple extension implements a single hook for a program type with a single attach type. It implements simple NPI provider modules for the two NPIs. It also implements three program-type specific helper functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The eBPF for Windows project provides a [sample extension driver](https://github.com/microsoft/ebpf-for-windows/tree/8f46b4020f79c32f994d3a59671ce8782e4b4cf0/tests/sample/ext) as an example of how to implement an extension. This simple extension implements a program type with a single attach type. It implements simple NPI provider modules for the two NPIs. It also implements three program-type specific helper functions.
```
